Team Charter (ENGG1100 P04 B)
1. THE TEAM
1.1 Team Members
List your team members and their contact details.
Name
Email
Mobile
 Jake Arthur
 jake.arthur@uqconnect.edu.au
 0401707959
 Haemin Kim
haemin.kim@uqconnect.edu.au
 0411840744
 Daisy Joslyn
 d.joslyn@uqconnect.edu.au
 0413943976
 Andrew Clare
 a.clare@uqconnect.edu.au
 0467471878
 Liam 
l.birrell1@uqconnect.edu.au
0457088326
 Nick Cameron
n.cameron@uqconnect.edu.au
0481140013
1.2 Team Objectives
We are getting a 7 no questions asked
The outcomes of the project are to build a robot

 
1.3 Team Roles (www.123test.com/team-roles-test )
Name
Preferred Team Roles
Least Preferred Team Roles
 Daisy
 Driver
 Chairperson
 Andrew 
 Chairperson
 Explorer 
 Liam
 Innovator
 Chairperson
Jake
Completer/Team Leader
 Expert
 Haemin
Expert
Chairperson
 Nick
Driver
Analyst
1.4 Strengths
In addition to the preferred team roles above, what are the individual strengths of team members?  For example, one team member may have excellent drawing skills while another team member may have excellent writing skills.
Daisy - writing skills
Liam - new methods, ideas or products (google def of innovator) 
Jake Arthur. All names are in the table
Haemin: Using 3D tool & basic programming
Andrew:CAD, Designing stuff
Nick - basic programming and writing
Jake: Management of people and completion
1.5 Team Roles
Are all the necessary roles covered?  Where will the team need to devote extra energy?  What will be the strategy for ensuring team success given the team make up?
Analyst, team player, executive, explorer.

 
2. TEAM DYNAMICS
2.1 Team Leader
Who is your team leader and how did that person become team leader?  Maybe you have a leader for each section of work or have decided to swap leadership in which case record that decision here.
Jake
2.2 Chair for Meetings
Who will chair meetings and how did that person become chair?  Will you rotate this role?
Andrew 

2.3 Minute Taker
Who will record the facts, conclusions and actions as they occur in team meetings? Will you rotate this role?
We will rotate.

2.4 Meeting Time, Location, and Length
When and where will you try to hold team meetings and how long will these meetings be?
TBA

2.5 Communication Methods
How will your team stay in touch outside of meetings?
Facebook
Discord
2.6 File Sharing and Storage
How will you share files and where will you store files?  Will you have a template for various documents and who will create this?  
Google Drive
2.7 File Naming Convention
How will you name files to ensure versions and team member’s inputs are recorded?
Put name and version
lastnameFirstname_date_Ver.x
Don’t overwrite, duplicate and edit. Maybe track changes/Edit Suggest
2.8 Decision Making Procedure
How will your team make key decisions?  Will you have a formal procedure?
Suggest ideas in video/audio chats and negotiate 
2.9 Poor Team Member Performance
How will you handle poor performance for example, in terms of meeting attendance, standard of work, or missed deadlines?
Execution
2.10 Conflict Resolution
How will you reduce conflict in your team?  How will you resolve any conflicts that arise?
Discuss with the team and come to a conclusion
3. THE PROJECT
3.1 Project Title
Minesweeper The Robot
 
3.2 Project Objectives
List the objectives of your project and use SMART as a guide in defining your objectives:
S – Specific (the objective only conjures one impression in your mind)
M – Measurable (you can determine how much of the objective is accomplished)
A – Attainable (this objective is not impossible)
R – Relevant (this objective is important to the success of your project)
T – Time bound (this objective must be satisfied by a known time)
S - Build a robot virtually 
M - Getting a 7
A - Access to CAD and other software
R - This is the project
T - by end of semester
3. Project Outcomes
What will your project deliver? What are the expected project outcomes?
Deliverables
Virtually built robot
Final Project report
Video Presentation
TIMETABLE
1. Team Member Availability

Liam 24 
Daisy usually all the time - except for live zoom lessons
Jake all times except Friday 5-10pm Sat 5-10pm Sun 11am-4 pm
Nick N/A Mon 12-1 Tues 9-11 friday morning saturday morning
Haemin: All times except Mon 12-6pm, Wed 10-12am, Fri 12-4pm
Andrew: 
2. Conflicting Deadlines

3. Project Deadlines
Note all deadlines concerning your project. Identify key milestones and ensure that you work within them.
PSP: Monday Wk 6
Demo Day: Wk 13
4. Meeting Time
Identify and agree on a regular (weekly?) meeting time.
Weekly TBA
